DOCS-3095 Run Synthetic Tests from Private Locations & Private Locations Advanced Configuration Edits (#12966)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/private_locations/configuration.md

**Default**: `10`<br>
Maximum number of tests executed in parallel.

`enableStatusProbes`

> : **Type**: <br>

Author: Can we fill in the blank here? @peculiarism 

```suggestion
: **Type**: <br>
```

Reviewer: Boolean 👍🏻

> Enables the readiness and liveness of private location probes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables the readiness and liveness of private location probes. This will enable two endpoints, http://localhost:8080/liveness and http://localhost:8080/readiness
```

I'm not sure if we prefer to say `localhost` or `127.0.0.1`, linking in @m-rousse for a second (experienced) opinion.

Reviewer 2: I'd vote for `127.0.0.1`, though both are OK

`maxTimeout`
: **Type**: Number <br>
**Default**: `60000`<br>
Maximum test execution duration for API tests (in milliseconds).

`statusProbesPort`
: **Type**: Number <br>
**Default**: `8080`<br>

> Overrides the readiness and liveness of private location probe ports. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overrides the port for the private location status probes. 
```
